ci(*:skip) Improve automated changelog generation (#3356)
adap/flower: doc/source/contributor-how-to-release-flower.rst

The version number of a release is stated in ``pyproject.toml``. To release a new version of Flower, the following things need to happen (in that order):

> 1. Run ``python3 src/py/flwr_tool/update_changelog.py <YOUR_GH_TOKEN>`` in order to add every new change to the changelog (feel free to make manual changes to the changelog afterwards until it looks good).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run ``python3 ./dev/update_changelog.py <YOUR_GH_TOKEN>`` in order to add every new change to the changelog (feel free to make manual changes to the changelog afterwards until it looks good).
```
